For the pygame development project it was required to work with someone on the project. Herefore i chose my brother and father. My father has a job in software development and my brother studies an engineering option in secondary school and wanted to help.
We started the project by having  a first meeting in real life to explain and plan everything. In this meeting there was said that I would firstly make the game such as was instructed in the video. Afterwards we would make all kinds of improvements to the game. 
In a second meeting, after I finished the game like in the instruction video, we talked about what could be improvements for us and noted it all. We also decided we would take use of a platform called Jira wich helps in project planning and engineering (agile projectmanagementtool). We were also gonna use github as was tought to me in previous challenges. 
For the Jira platform we first put all possible ideas in a backlog. After we decided wich of these things we wanted to complete in a first time, selected them and put them into a To Do box. When we did this we also distributed the tasks we wanted to do over us. Every time you start working on a different task you change it from the ‘To-Do’ box to the ‘In Progress’ box.  You also create a new branch in git to work on your feature or bug and when you are finished you can send a pull request to the people from your team. If the code is okay for them they approve it and afterwards you can merge in to the main branch. You also change your task from ‘In-Progress’ to ‘finished’. 
On top of these platforms and real-life meetings I also created a whatsapp group for small communication and we sent mails for the bigger ones. 
We aren’t a lot home with all 3 together so we had some difficulties in the beginning to find the time to talk about it and communicate well. I also had some trouble in the beginning taking advice from my father. After a while I realised that as he is familiar with these kinds of projects he probably know a lot more than me and once I accepted this the communication went a lot smoother. For example it was him who adviced me to check out Jira or another platform of this kind. At first I didn’t want to but after using it things went better. 
The roles in our team weren’t equally distributed. I did the most wich is logical as it is my project and I am the leader. My father as he knows quite a lot about programming took one or two more complicated things but a little bit less because he doesn’t have so much and my brother took some of the larger and easier tasks as he isn’t very familiar with coding yet but he had a lot of time and was very motivated.
My responsibility as leader was to check in how they were doing and if necessary search more info on problems they were potentially having. From the moment we found the good flow of working we didn’t have any problems regarding roles or responsibilities.
Personally the thing I learned the most in this challenge is to accept help and ideas from team members. Even if these ideas seem like they are more trouble than help I still need to analyze them and not directly write them off because often they are good ideas. Certainly if they are coming from someone who has more experience and knowledge than me. 
During this project I learned how to use Jira wich i think will find itself very useful in the future and I also put the things I learned about github in to use for a first time. On the part of developing the game itself I didn’t learn a lot because I already finished the OPO programming 1. 
In conclusion I think it was a successful first project where I learned a lot about working together and about the tools to do so
